Fixes GitHub issue #33691 - ContinuousIntegrationBuild csproj property should mention that it also needs SourceRoot set (#37690)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

### ContinuousIntegrationBuild

The `ContinuousIntegrationBuild` property indicates whether a build is executing on a continuous integration (CI) server. When set to `true`, this property enables settings that only apply to official builds as opposed to local builds on a developer machine. For example, stored file paths are normalized for official builds. But on a local development machine, the debugger isn't able to find local source files if file paths are normalized.

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> >Currently, this property works only if you either reference a [SourceLink](https://github.com/dotnet/sourcelink) provider package or add a `<SourceRoot Include="$(MSBuildThisFileDirectory)" />` item or similar. The actual directory doesn't matter as long as it contains all source files not already covered by a `<SourceRoot>` item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, setting this property to `true` works only if you add either a specific [SourceLink](https://github.com/dotnet/sourcelink) provider package reference or a `<SourceRoot Include="$(MyDirectory)" />` item. For more information, see [dotnet/roslyn issue 55860](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/55860). 
```
